README.md, before:

BHS_COIN

I wanted to make a coin for my highschool to reward students with Berwick High School or BHS_COIN, it's set up so that when it's properly funded the top 3 students with the most BHS coin will each get $1000 worth of ETH so they can spend it on books or other college material. Obviously this is the ideal scenario they could really spend it on whatever they like. This is still a work in progress but I have set up a very basic GUI via an html webpage for local use only for testing.

Prerequisites
Make sure you have the following installed on your system:

Node.js (latest LTS version)
npm (comes with Node.js)
Hardhat (for deploying and testing the smart contract)
MetaMask (browser extension for interacting with the blockchain)
lite-server (for running the frontend)

Installation Steps
Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/reedpinch/BHS_Coin.git
cd BHS_Coin

Install dependencies:

npm install

Install Hardhat globally (if not already installed):

npm install --save-dev hardhat

Running the Project
1. Compile the Smart Contract
Navigate to the root directory of the project and compile the contract:

npx hardhat compile

2. Start the Local Blockchain

Run the local blockchain network:

npx hardhat node

3. Deploy the Contract
In a separate terminal window, deploy the contract to the local network:

npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost

Note down the contract address displayed in the console.

4. Configure MetaMask
Open MetaMask and connect it to the localhost:8545 network.
Import an account using one of the private keys from the local blockchain (provided in the Hardhat node terminal).

5. Run Tests
Run the test script to ensure everything is working correctly:

npx hardhat test
6. Launch the Frontend
Start the lite-server to view the frontend:

npm run start
This will launch the application in your default browser.

7. Interact with the Application
Use the application to simulate BHS COIN transactions and features.

Project Structure
Back End/
contracts/: Contains the Solidity contract (BHS_COIN.sol).
scripts/: Contains the deployment script (deploy.js) and test script (test.js).

FrontEnd/: Contains the frontend files (index.html, script.js).
hardhat.config.js: Hardhat configuration file.

Custom Features
BHS COIN Total Supply: The contract enforces a total supply of 2015 coins. That's the year I graduated High school

Ensure your MetaMask wallet is funded with ETH from the Hardhat local node to pay for gas fees. These wallets are prefunded and it's not actual ETH it's test ETH

Update the contract address in the frontend script (script.js) after deployment.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

BHS_COIN
A Coin For High School

README.md, after:

BHS_COIN

I wanted to make a coin for my highschool to reward students with Berwick High School or BHS_COIN, it's set up so that when it's properly funded the top 3 students with the most BHS coin will each get $1000 worth of ETH so they can spend it on books or other college material. Obviously this is the ideal scenario they could really spend it on whatever they like. This is still a work in progress but I have set up a very basic GUI via an html webpage for local use only for testing.

Prerequisites
Make sure you have the following installed on your system:

Node.js (latest LTS version)
npm (comes with Node.js)
Hardhat (for deploying and testing the smart contract)
MetaMask (browser extension for interacting with the blockchain)
lite-server (for running the frontend)

Installation Steps
Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/reedpinch/BHS_Coin.git
cd BHS_Coin

Install dependencies:

npm install

Install Hardhat globally (if not already installed):

npm install --save-dev hardhat

Running the Project
1. Compile the Smart Contract
Navigate to the root directory of the project and compile the contract:

npx hardhat compile

2. Start the Local Blockchain

Run the local blockchain network:

npx hardhat node

3. Deploy the Contract
In a separate terminal window, deploy the contract to the local network:

npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost

Note down the contract address displayed in the console. 

You need to put this in script.js as a replacement for the old contract address, 
the variable called contractAddress is used once globally and once in callFullResetFunction

4. Configure MetaMask
Open MetaMask and connect it to the localhost:8545 network.
Import an account using one of the private keys from the local blockchain (provided in the Hardhat node terminal).

5. Run Tests
Run the test script to ensure everything is working correctly:

npx hardhat test
6. Launch the Frontend
Start the lite-server to view the frontend:

npm run start
This will launch the application in your default browser.

7. Interact with the Application
Use the application to simulate BHS COIN transactions and features.

Project Structure
Back End/
contracts/: Contains the Solidity contract (BHS_COIN.sol).
scripts/: Contains the deployment script (deploy.js) and test script (test.js).

FrontEnd/: Contains the frontend files (index.html, script.js, style.css).
hardhat.config.js: Hardhat configuration file.

Custom Features
BHS COIN Total Supply: The contract enforces a total supply of 2015 coins. That's the year I graduated High school

Ensure your MetaMask wallet is funded with ETH from the Hardhat local node to pay for gas fees. These wallets are prefunded and it's not actual ETH it's test ETH

Also I added a feature to read an excel file with student data, I have included the excel file so you can see the format and play around with it add students, grades, or subjects

I also added a full reset function to return the coins to the deployer at the end of every school year.

Finally I password protected the features that set student grades , input report card, and transfer tokens, so that only someone with the passwords can call certain functions

The password is StaticShock for teachers to input student grades, input report cards, or transfer tokens.

The password is FULLRESET to return all coins to the deployer which I would only call on July 1st. I haven't written this to automatically happen in the javascript yet like I did in the smart contract but it's there for the future in case I want to have it return all coins to the deployer automatically. 

Update the contract address in the frontend script (script.js) after deployment if you haven't already.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
